### Prerequisites

A Data Product should already exist in order to attach the new components to it.

### Component Basic Information

This section includes the basic information that any Component of Witboost must have:

- **Name**: Required name used for display purposes on your Data Product.
- **Fully qualified name**: Output Port fully qualified name; this is optional as it will be generated by the system if not given by you.
- **Description**: A short description to help others understand what this Output Port is for.
- **Domain**: The domain of the Data Product this Output Port belongs to. Be sure to choose it correctly as it is a fundamental part of the Output Port and cannot be changed afterwards.
- **Data Product**: The Data Product this Output Port belongs to; be sure to choose the right one.
- **Identifier**: Unique ID for this new entity inside the domain. Don't worry about filling this field; it will be automatically filled for you.
- **Development group**: Development group of this Data Product. Don't worry about filling this field; it will be automatically filled for you.
- **Depends on**: If you want your Output Port to depend on other components (i.e. its creation workload) from the Data Product, you can choose this option (Optional).

As part of the component creation process, the database field is auto-generated based on the naming convention `<domain>_<system>_<system_major_version>_<env>`.

- **Database**: Output Port database name: it is the name of the database in MongoDB.

*Example:*

| Field name              | Example value                                                                                          |
|:------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Name**                | MongoDB Output Port                                                                                 |
| **Description**         | Create a MongoDB output port                                                                        |
| **Domain**              | domain:healthcare                                                                                      |
| **Data Product**        | system:healthcare.vaccinationsdp.0                                                                     |
| ***Identifier***        | Will look something like this: *healthcare.mongodbtest.0.mongodb-outputport*                     |
| ***Development Group*** | Might look something like this: *group:datameshplatform* Depends on the Data Product development group |
| ***Database***          | Will look something like this: *healthcare_mongodbtest_0_qa*                                        |

### Subcomponents Details

This section provides details about the MongoDB subcomponents configuration.

- **Subcomponent Description**: A short description to help others understand what kind of data this collection contains.
- **Collection name**: The name of the MongoDB collection
- **Json Schema**: The JSON schema validator of the MongoDB collection is an optional field that can be used to enforce a specific structure for the documents within the collection.

*Example:*

<table> <tr> <th>Field Name</th> <th>Value</th> </tr> <tr> <td> <strong>Subcomponent Description</strong> </td> <td>subcomponent_description</td> </tr> <tr> <td> <strong>Collection name</strong> </td> <td>collection_name</td> </tr> <tr> <td> <strong>Json Schema</strong> </td> <td> <pre><code class="language-json">{ "$jsonSchema": { "bsonType": "object", "title": "User Validation", "required": ["username", "age"], "properties": { "username": { "bsonType": "string", "description": "'username' must be a string and is required" }, "age": { "bsonType": "int", "minimum": 0, "maximum": 120, "description": "'age' must be an integer between 0 and 120" } } } }</code></pre> </td> </tr> </table>


---

After this the system will show you the summary of the template, and you can go back and edit or go ahead and create the Component.

After clicking on "Create" the registering of the Component will start. If no errors occurred it will go through the 3 phases (Fetching, Publishing and Registering) and will give you the links to the newly created Repository and the component in the Catalog.

**Be careful not to delete the `catalog-info.yml` as well as keep the project structure as given.**